DOCS-1070: Pt3: Update UI on several more tutorials (#1783)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/projects/guardian.md

{{% tab name="Builder UI" %}}

Navigate to the **Config** tab of your robot's page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
Click on the **Components** subtab.

1. **Add the board.**

    Click **Create component** in the lower-left corner of the page.
    Select `board` for the type, then select `pi` for the model.

>     Enter `local` for the name for your [board component](/components/board/), then click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enter `local` as the name for your [board component](/components/board/), then click **Create**.
```

2. **Add the camera.**

    Click **Create Component** to add the [camera](/components/camera/).

>     Choose type `camera`, model `webcam`, and for the name enter `cam`.
>     Click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click **Create component** in the lower-left corner of the page.
    Select `camera` for the type, then select `webcam` for the model.
    Enter `cam` as the name for your [camera component](/components/camera/), then click **Create**.
```

Author: Part of that would duplicate the line above so I'm thinking
```suggestion
    Select `camera` for the type, then select `webcam` for the model.
    Enter `cam` as the name for the camera, then click **Create**.
```

    In the new camera panel, click the **Video Path** field to reveal a drop-down populated with camera paths that have been identified on your machine.
    Select `mmal service 16.1 (platform:bcm2835_v4l2-0)`.

3. **Add the servo.**

>     Create a [servo component](/components/servo/) with the type `servo`, the model `pi`, and the name `servo`.
>     Click **Create** to add the servo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click **Create component** in the lower-left corner of the page.
    Select `servo` for the type, then select `pi` for the model.
    Enter `servo` as the name for your [servo component](/components/servo/), then click **Create**.
```

Author: I'd left it brief as I figured people have just configured some other components and know where the button is by now, but I guess it doesn't matter too much either way!
